so I already applied my foundation and I
use the Maybelline fit me matte and
poreless foundation in the shade shade
this is 120 um this is what I've been
using for like the past couple months
and I've really been liking it then I'm
gonna fill my eyebrows in with the brow
fix brow kit from Milani and I've been
obsessed with Milani lately the only
place around where I live that I can
find it is superstore but you can also
order their stuff online I'm struggling
to open in order online and I do have a
coupon code for you guys actually let me
pull it up ok so use Milani 2015 and
you'll get 15% off your purchase and
you'll also get free shipping with
purchases over $25 and it's active till
June 1st I'll put that in description
box if you guys are interested so I'm
gonna be mixing the two brow colors
together for my eye brows and hopefully
you guys can see what I'm doing my setup
is really weird right now
where everything you do eyebrows take
the longest and one always turns out
better than the other so this is a Bella
pink from Milani and it is a gel powder
eyeshadow so you can use it wet or dry
that is the color and I'm just going to
apply this with my fingers all over my
eyelids the only time I really use
colors if it's kind of like a pale color
so I really like this one
I still have eyelash glue stuck in my
eyelashes from the weekend and today is
like Wednesday yes I can't remember the
last time I used my fingers to apply
eyeshadow um you can use brushes with
this step too but I just decided to go
with my fingers today so I'm just going
to take a medium matte brown eyeshadow
I'm going to use this one right here and
I'm just going to lightly blend this
into my crease
like uh so I think I'm actually gonna go
back in with the Bella pink that I was
using before but I'm gonna um use it
with a wet brush just because I feel
like I don't want to add more color
because personally I don't really like
wearing a lot of color but it's not
intense enough for what I want so I'm
going to go get a wet brush small talk
each other then I'm actually going to go
back in with my eyebrow kit and use the
darker brown shade to line my lower lash
line
so I'm just going to line my top lash
line with the Milani liquid eye liquid
like eyeliner pencil in black I have the
worst set up right now I don't know how
Abby's like hold the mirror in my hand
this is tricky
and then I'm just going to apply a few
coats of the big look mascara from pure
minerals and I've been using this
mascara for quite a while now and I
actually really like it just don't want
to get any um eyelid if you wanted to
apply false lashes you could I'm
literally going to the gym after this oh
ho ho no false lashes for me so I'm
gonna broaden my face and I don't know
how I ever lived without bronzer bronzer
is like my favorite thing in the whole
world and this one is the high dive from
bareMinerals and it's like my absolute
favorite so you should probably get it
so I'm just going to use it to contour
my face
and then for blush I'm using the
romantic rose from Milani and it looks
like this
and then I'm gonna add a little bit of
highlight with the hard candy Tiki so
baked bronzer so technically it's a
bronzer but I use it as a highlight cuz
it's just really pale and shimmery and
if I want an intense highlight I'd like
to use a liquid but I'm just going for a
slight glow today so then I like to use
powder and then for my lips I'm going to
be using a lipstick from Milani and this
is in the shade matte blissful I am
obsessed with this line these lipsticks
smell like chocolate like so good they
smell like mini egg because that's what
they smell like oh my gosh so good - and
I actually wore this color in one of my
latest selfies on Instagram so feel like
this is just like the perfect color for
spring it's not too bright so it's
really wearable if you're not used to
wearing bright colors but it definitely
adds like a pop of color to your lips so
this is the finished look hopefully you
guys like it
if you guys want to know any of the
products I used if you missed it in the
video I will have a list in the
description box and I'll see you guys
all my next video bye